Psalm 9 to the chief musician to the
Psalm 9 to the chief musician to the tune of death of the
tune of death of the
tune of death of the a thumb of David I will praise you O
a thumb of David I will praise you O
a thumb of David I will praise you O Lord with my whole heart I will tell of
Lord with my whole heart I will tell of
Lord with my whole heart I will tell of all your marvelous works I will be glad
all your marvelous works I will be glad
all your marvelous works I will be glad and rejoice in you I will sing praise to
and rejoice in you I will sing praise to
and rejoice in you I will sing praise to your name
your name
your name almost time when my enemies turn back
almost time when my enemies turn back
almost time when my enemies turn back they shall fall and perish and your
they shall fall and perish and your
they shall fall and perish and your presence for you have maintained my
presence for you have maintained my
presence for you have maintained my right and my cause you sat on the throne
right and my cause you sat on the throne
right and my cause you sat on the throne judging in righteousness you have
judging in righteousness you have
judging in righteousness you have rebuked the nation's who have destroyed
rebuked the nation's who have destroyed
rebuked the nation's who have destroyed the wicked you have blotted out their
the wicked you have blotted out their
the wicked you have blotted out their name for ever and ever
name for ever and ever
name for ever and ever Oh enemy destructions are finished
Oh enemy destructions are finished
Oh enemy destructions are finished forever and you have destroyed cities
forever and you have destroyed cities
forever and you have destroyed cities even their memory has perished but the
even their memory has perished but the
even their memory has perished but the Lord shall endure forever he has
Lord shall endure forever he has
Lord shall endure forever he has prepared his throne for judgment he
prepared his throne for judgment he
prepared his throne for judgment he shall judge the world in righteousness
shall judge the world in righteousness
shall judge the world in righteousness and he shall administer judgment for the
and he shall administer judgment for the
and he shall administer judgment for the peoples in uprightness the Lord also
peoples in uprightness the Lord also
peoples in uprightness the Lord also will be a refuge for the oppressed a
will be a refuge for the oppressed a
will be a refuge for the oppressed a refuge in times of trouble
refuge in times of trouble
refuge in times of trouble and those who know your name will put
and those who know your name will put
and those who know your name will put their trust in you for you Lord have not
their trust in you for you Lord have not
their trust in you for you Lord have not forsaken those who seek you sing praises
forsaken those who seek you sing praises
forsaken those who seek you sing praises to the Lord who dwells in Zion declare
to the Lord who dwells in Zion declare
to the Lord who dwells in Zion declare his deeds among the people when he
his deeds among the people when he
his deeds among the people when he offends his blood he remembers them he
offends his blood he remembers them he
offends his blood he remembers them he does not forget the cry of the humble
does not forget the cry of the humble
does not forget the cry of the humble have mercy on me O Lord consider my
have mercy on me O Lord consider my
have mercy on me O Lord consider my trouble from those who hate me you who
trouble from those who hate me you who
trouble from those who hate me you who lift me up from the gates of death that
lift me up from the gates of death that
lift me up from the gates of death that I may tell of all your praise in the
I may tell of all your praise in the
I may tell of all your praise in the gates of the daughter of Zion I will
gates of the daughter of Zion I will
gates of the daughter of Zion I will rejoice in your salvation the nation's
rejoice in your salvation the nation's
rejoice in your salvation the nation's have sunk down in the pit which they
have sunk down in the pit which they
have sunk down in the pit which they made in the net which they hid their own
made in the net which they hid their own
made in the net which they hid their own foot is caught the Lord is known by the
foot is caught the Lord is known by the
foot is caught the Lord is known by the judgment he execute the wicked is snared
judgment he execute the wicked is snared
judgment he execute the wicked is snared in the work of his own hands the wicked
in the work of his own hands the wicked
in the work of his own hands the wicked shall be turned into hell and all the
shall be turned into hell and all the
shall be turned into hell and all the nations that forget God for the needy
nations that forget God for the needy
nations that forget God for the needy shall not always be forgotten the
shall not always be forgotten the
shall not always be forgotten the expectation of the poor shall not perish
expectation of the poor shall not perish
expectation of the poor shall not perish forever arise O Lord do not let man
forever arise O Lord do not let man
forever arise O Lord do not let man prevail let the nations be judged in
prevail let the nations be judged in
prevail let the nations be judged in your sight put them in fear o Lord that
your sight put them in fear o Lord that
your sight put them in fear o Lord that the nations may know themselves to be
the nations may know themselves to be
the nations may know themselves to be but men
but men
but men you
you
you [Music]